README.md, before:

# Intellivoid SpamProtection Agent Userbot

An userbot that automates the process of reporting spam for [Spam Protection](https://t.me/SpamProtectionLogs), an antispam service by Intellivoid.

## Terms of Service

By using this userbot (or any userbot), you agree:

- **that this userbot is for agents of SP**. Please join the Support chat and ask us that you want to use this.
- **that you must notify Telegram that you're using an userbot**. When or before you first sign up or login you have to send an email with the phone number to <recover@telegram.org>; explaining what will your userbot do. PLEASE DO NOT LIE, just tell them what your userbot will do.
- **to the [Telegram TOS](https://telegram.org/tos) and its [API TOS](https://core.telegram.org/api/terms)**.
Please be reminded that we're NOT responsible for your TOS violations.

## Setting up

### Run Locally

1. Clone the repository and navigate to it.
2. Install dependencies with `pip install -r requirements.txt`.
3. Copy the sample config file with `cp spam/config.sample.py spam/config.py` and edit it.
4. After setting up, run `python3 -m spam`.

### With Heroku

Currently, not yet supported. It will, very soon.

## Community Support

If you need help setting up this userbot or gone into trouble while running it, join the [Spam Protection Support][sp-support] chat. You can also report spam there so our friendly operators log and blacklist it for you if you're not an agent yet.

[sp-support]: https://t.me/SpamProtectionSupport

Commit message:

[gitpod] Add Gitpod support for userbot development.
In this commit, I added Gitpod support for userbot development in Gitpod
without the dependency mess for users with limited resources on their
machines.

I'll also add an documentation for users who interested in developing
the userbot in the next commit.

Signed-off-by: Andrei Jiroh Eugenio Halili <andreijiroh@madebythepins.tk>

README.md, after:

[![Gitpod ready-to-code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-ready--to--code-blue?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/intellivoid/SpamProtectionAgent)

# Intellivoid SpamProtection Agent Userbot

An userbot that automates the process of reporting spam for [Spam Protection](https://t.me/SpamProtectionLogs), an antispam service by Intellivoid.

## Terms of Service

By using this userbot (or any userbot), you agree:

- **that this userbot is for agents of SP**. Please join the Support chat and ask us that you want to use this.
- **that you must notify Telegram that you're using an userbot**. When or before you first sign up or login you have to send an email with the phone number to <recover@telegram.org>; explaining what will your userbot do. PLEASE DO NOT LIE, just tell them what your userbot will do.
- **to the [Telegram TOS](https://telegram.org/tos) and its [API TOS](https://core.telegram.org/api/terms)**.
Please be reminded that we're NOT responsible for your TOS violations.

## Setting up

### Run Locally

1. Clone the repository and navigate to it.
2. Install dependencies with `pip install -r requirements.txt`.
3. Copy the sample config file with `cp spam/config.sample.py spam/config.py` and edit it.
4. After setting up, run `python3 -m spam`.

### With Heroku

Currently, not yet supported. It will, very soon.

## Development

See `DEVELOP.md` for details.

## Community Support

If you need help setting up this userbot or gone into trouble while running it, join the [Spam Protection Support][sp-support] chat. You can also report spam there so our friendly operators log and blacklist it for you if you're not an agent yet.

[sp-support]: https://t.me/SpamProtectionSupport
